[FEATURE] [FIX] Support for Ion Mobility OpenSwath Calibration (#6268)
OpenMS/OpenMS: src/tests/topp/CMakeLists.txt

  set_tests_properties("TOPP_OpenSwathWorkflow_22_out1" PROPERTIES DEPENDS "TOPP_OpenSwathWorkflow_22")
  set_tests_properties("TOPP_OpenSwathWorkflow_22_out2" PROPERTIES DEPENDS "TOPP_OpenSwathWorkflow_22")

>   # Test with PASEF ion mobility data, overlapping m/z SWATHs with distinct IM, ensure IM irt calibration also works (testing that can diffrentiate SWATHs in iRT calibration as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Test with PASEF ion mobility data, overlapping m/z SWATHs with distinct IM, ensure IM irt calibration also works (testing that it can differentiate SWATHs in iRT calibration as well)
```
